log.md, before:

# Navin Navi

## 100 Days Of Code

| Log |
| --- |
| [this log](https://github.com/NavinNavi19/100-Days-of-Code) |

## Challenge & Commitment
This is part of Alexander Kallaway's [100DaysOfCode](https://github.com/Kallaway/100-days-of-code "the official repo") challenge. More details about the challenge can be found here: [100daysofcode.com](http://100daysofcode.com/ "100daysofcode.com").

**Commitment:** *I will code daily for the next 100 days.*

|  Start Date   | End Date     |
| ------------- | ------------ |
|  04-Jan-2019  |  14-Apr-2019 |

## Goals

- Code daily
- Expand my [website](https://vanuss.in/) and Overall UI and UX Experience
- Integrate all my Github repo with my [website](https://vanuss.in/)
- Complete as many courses, classes, challenges, & certifications as possible
- Get established in Twitter dev community
  - This has been awesome!
  - Great support and encouragement from my Twitter family!
  - Use [#100DaysOfCode](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23100DaysOfCode&src=tyah) hashtag.

# Code Log

<a name="toc"></a>

### Table of Contents 

| Day | Focus |
|:---:|:-----:|
|[Day 1](#day-1) **04/01/18**| |

<!-- ---

<a name="day-1"></a>

## Day 1: January-04-2019

#### Today's Focus:

#### Progress:

#### Link to Work:

#### Thoughts: -->

---

<a name="day-1"></a>

## Day 1: January-04-2019

#### Today's Focus:

#### Progress: 
+ Created Own Daily Log Repo Files
+ Learned Basics of Markdown

#### Link to Work:

#### Thoughts:

I am very excited to start the challenge [**#100DaysofCode**](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23100DaysOfCode) alongside this challenge [**#301DaysOfCode**](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23301DaysOfCode&src=tyah). I know its a huge to tackle in the beginning but in the end *if I am not able to do who else can do for me*. The real motivation came from the Twitter Community who are successfully tweeting for Round Two or even Round Three of #100DaysofCode.

Consider I am already familiar with *Git, GitHub, Data Security Technologies and Basic Web Development*. As a starter I followed three github  repositories ([Kallaway](https://github.com/kallaway/100-days-of-code), [Jasondown](https://github.com/jasondown/100-days-of-code), [James-Priest](https://github.com/james-priest/100-days-of-code-log)) to created my own [**Daily Log Repo**](https://github.com/NavinNavi19/100-Days-of-Code). I did not directly fork the repo because I decided to learn the markdown language on my own. A quick **brushup of markdown** is covered in this [**Cheatsheet**](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet).

![Completed Log Repo Image](images/nn-100doc-d1-1.PNG)

[Table of Contents](#toc)

Commit message:

updated the info for the day 1 half image

log.md, after:

# Navin Navi

## 100 Days Of Code

| Log |
| --- |
| [this log](https://github.com/NavinNavi19/100-Days-of-Code) |

## Challenge & Commitment
This is part of Alexander Kallaway's [100DaysOfCode](https://github.com/Kallaway/100-days-of-code "the official repo") challenge. More details about the challenge can be found here: [100daysofcode.com](http://100daysofcode.com/ "100daysofcode.com").

**Commitment:** *I will code daily for the next 100 days.*

|  Start Date   | End Date     |
| ------------- | ------------ |
|  04-Jan-2019  |  14-Apr-2019 |

## Goals

- Code daily
- Expand my [website](https://vanuss.in/) and Overall UI and UX Experience
- Integrate all my Github repo with my [website](https://vanuss.in/)
- Complete as many courses, classes, challenges, & certifications as possible
- Get established in Twitter dev community
  - This has been awesome!
  - Great support and encouragement from my Twitter family!
  - Use [#100DaysOfCode](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23100DaysOfCode&src=tyah) hashtag.

# Code Log

<a name="toc"></a>

### Table of Contents 

| Day | Focus |
|:---:|:-----:|
|[Day 1](#day-1) **04/01/18**| |

<!-- ---

<a name="day-1"></a>

## Day 1: January-04-2019

#### Today's Focus:

#### Progress:

#### Link to Work:

#### Thoughts: -->

---

<a name="day-1"></a>

## Day 1: January-04-2019

#### Today's Focus:

#### Progress: 
+ Created Own Daily Log Repo Files
+ Learned Basics of Markdown

#### Link to Work:

#### Thoughts:

I am very excited to start the challenge [**#100DaysofCode**](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23100DaysOfCode) alongside this challenge [**#301DaysOfCode**](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23301DaysOfCode&src=tyah). I know its a huge to tackle in the beginning but in the end *if I am not able to do who else can do for me*. The real motivation came from the Twitter Community who are successfully tweeting for Round Two or even Round Three of #100DaysofCode.

Consider I am already familiar with *Git, GitHub, Data Security Technologies and Basic Web Development*. As a starter I followed three github  repositories ([Kallaway](https://github.com/kallaway/100-days-of-code), [Jasondown](https://github.com/jasondown/100-days-of-code), [James-Priest](https://github.com/james-priest/100-days-of-code-log)) to created my own [**Daily Log Repo**](https://github.com/NavinNavi19/100-Days-of-Code). I did not directly fork the repo because I decided to learn the markdown language on my own. A quick **brushup of markdown** is covered in this [**Cheatsheet**](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet).

**Image of my log repo finished**
![Completed Log Repo Image](images/nn-100doc-d1-1.PNG)

[Table of Contents](#toc)
